README.md, before:

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/mburdastyh/frontend-project-lvl1/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/f3c079c72503c6489f56/maintainability" /></a>

![](https://github.com/mburdastyh/frontend-project-lvl1/workflows/linter-auto/badge.svg)

# brain-even example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/8Uj7xACwC4uxEn71n8NxxJoUE.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/8Uj7xACwC4uxEn71n8NxxJoUE)

# brain-calc example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/13BpsStY7IhXYbLREhPHrAhL4.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/13BpsStY7IhXYbLREhPHrAhL4)

# brain-gcd example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/dPMiIotDm07mqbYHBzKKROZWa.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/dPMiIotDm07mqbYHBzKKROZWa)

# brain-progression example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/QNkpyugXTHKsCEBqMdiXeurx4.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/QNkpyugXTHKsCEBqMdiXeurx4)

# brain-prime example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/FN30hnyaoO1e78Stsjz700j9X.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/FN30hnyaoO1e78Stsjz700j9X)

Commit message:

rewritten the number generator and fixed minor comments

README.md, after:

<a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/mburdastyh/frontend-project-lvl1/maintainability"><img src="https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/f3c079c72503c6489f56/maintainability" /></a>

![](https://github.com/mburdastyh/frontend-project-lvl1/workflows/linter-auto/badge.svg)

# Welcome to brain-games!

This package is a set of five console games. Each game asks questions. The game is over after three correct answers. Wrong answer complete the game and you have to try it again. 

## Games:

1. calc - calculation of arithmetic expressions.
2. progression - search for missing numbers of progression.
3. even - determining whether a number is even.
4. gcd - determination of the greatest common divisor of two numbers.
5. prime - determination whether a number is prime.

## Setup

```sh
$ make install
```
## Run game

```sh
$ make calc
```
calc is the title of game. You can run any game using this template. 

## even game example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/8Uj7xACwC4uxEn71n8NxxJoUE.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/8Uj7xACwC4uxEn71n8NxxJoUE)

## calc game example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/13BpsStY7IhXYbLREhPHrAhL4.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/13BpsStY7IhXYbLREhPHrAhL4)

## gcd game example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/dPMiIotDm07mqbYHBzKKROZWa.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/dPMiIotDm07mqbYHBzKKROZWa)

## progression game example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/QNkpyugXTHKsCEBqMdiXeurx4.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/QNkpyugXTHKsCEBqMdiXeurx4)

## prime game example

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/FN30hnyaoO1e78Stsjz700j9X.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/FN30hnyaoO1e78Stsjz700j9X)
